alerting/integrations:telegram-update (#90105)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/alerting/configure-notifications/manage-contact-points/integrations/configure-telegram.md

### Telegram bot API token and chat ID

> To integrate Grafana with Telegram, you need to obtain a Telegram **bot API token** and a **chat ID** (i.e., the ID of the Telegram chat where you want to receive the alert notifications). To complete the integration, please use the browser version of Telegram.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To integrate Grafana with Telegram, you need to get a Telegram **bot API token** and a **chat ID** (the ID of the Telegram chat where you want to receive the alert notifications). To complete the integration, use the browser version of Telegram.
```

1. In the Telegram app, **open a group or start a new one**.
1. Search and **add the bot to the group**.

> 1. Copy the **chat ID** from the URL in your browser's address bar. It should look similar to this: `https://web.telegram.org/a/#-4266674385`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Copy the **chat ID** from the URL in your browser's address bar. It should look like this: `https://web.telegram.org/a/#-4266674385`.
```
